this is the 2nd part of video lesson we
already tuned down our guitar to the
dropsy we got a necropsy here now we
want to learn the actual tapping of it
actual guitar progression goes as far as
a dropped see ghosts you can play a
chord with only one finger in a bar top
three strings of course six fifth and
fourth or from bottom to top or first
second third from top to bottom are you
prepared so we're going to start with
4th fret on the top three strings to
starts down and then a third one that
with the pause in the middle then you
move your finger index finger to the
second fret on the fifth string from
bottom to top and you play 244 same
string and then a bar chord on to again
five times all together go sweet up this
is it and then it repeats that now here
changes 0 save five times 40 and again
24 after that the part that I used to
play in the actual video of the song
like this you can play like that its use
of the first three straight top three
strings 24 down will strengthen you for
download strength or you can play it in
a cord down here the cord goes six and
fifth string on the seventh fret and
fourth string on the ninth fret like
that so the whole singles of this
the second position from the 779 goes
2679 like this six on six string 7 on
the fifth string 9 on the fourth string
then it goes to and then because again
I'm gonna do both at the right speed for
you to get it with this or with two
guitars get here it goes hope this helps
chorus click the link right here come on
you know you want to click it keep learn
to the song